All right now let's go over the jump cycle.
So the jump cycle is going to go like this.
It's going to start out standi then it's going to go into a crouch where the needs are going to bend
the arms are going to come up just a little bit and the back is going to lean forward a little bit then
the next frame is going to be the up push where the feet are barely just going to be touching the ground
as it's pushing off.
The arms are going to come down a little bit because of wind resistance and force.
And the head is going to tilt back just a tiny bit and start to look up then in the next frame is going
to be where he's airborne.
So the feet will leave the ground.
The arms will start to come up.
And the head will tilt back just a little bit more.
The next room after that is going to be where our character is free falling.
So whenever something jumps in the air there's a little bit of time where it almost seems like it's
floating there in the air.
So we add in a second frame where it's almost identical to this first airborne frame.
The only difference is that the feet sort of start to come up and the arms start to float up just a
little bit.
So give that illusion that our character is free falling as he's coming down.
Then the last one will be a copy of this frame right here where he'll land then it'll start back over
where he's standing.
So again your assignment for this lecture is going to be to draw each one of these and do each one three
times.
Once you've done that you can go ahead and move on to the next part of the lecture.
And again if things aren't looking right go ahead and post your drawings to the Q&A section of the Course
and me or other students can help you work the problem out.